Reorg part1 redirect tutorials (#793)
solid/solidproject.org: _posts/developers/apps/vocabularies/2019-01-01-13_creation-methodology.md

exclude: true
redirect_from:
  - /for-developers/apps/vocabularies/create/methodology
redirect_to:
  - https://github.com/solid/solidproject.org/wiki/NeOn,-a-vocabulary-creation-methodology
---

### The NeOn methodology

> NeOn is a reference method for building **ontology networks**, that is to say inter-related vocabularies. NeOn proposes different scenarios, to enable reusing existing resources (both ontological and non-ontological, i.e. data models that are not vocabularies) or building the vocabulary from scratch. The detail of these scenarios is provided in the [referenced publication](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/3d34/d26ddc2024b80c3296a8552e160d973cd9a2.pdf), but we will give thereafter an overview of the "build-from-scratch" scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NeOn is a reference method for building **ontology networks** or _inter-related vocabularies_. NeOn proposes different scenarios, to enable reusing existing resources (both ontological and non-ontological, i.e., data models that are not vocabularies) or building the vocabulary from scratch. Details of several scenarios are provided in [this publication](https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/3d34/d26ddc2024b80c3296a8552e160d973cd9a2.pdf); here, we will give an overview of the "build-from-scratch" scenario.
```

#### Requirements specification

> Requirements for a vocabulary include its purpose and scope (what is the covered domain), the target and intended use (who will typically use this vocabulary, and in what kind of applications), and finally a set of **competency questions**. Competency questions are basically requirements expressed as questions that you should be able to answer using your vocabulary. Try to find questions covering the complete scope of your vocabulary. If the scope is wide, you might also want to group questions in order to help modularizing. In order to help you build the vocabulary, you can provide a "typical answer" to each question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirements for a vocabulary include its purpose and scope (what is the covered domain), the target and intended use (who will typically use this vocabulary, and in what kind of applications), and finally a set of **competency questions**. Competency questions are basically requirements expressed as questions that you should be able to answer using your vocabulary. Try to find questions covering the complete scope of your vocabulary. If the scope is wide, you might also want to group questions to ease modularization. To help you build the vocabulary, you can provide a "typical answer" to each question.
```
